✡ Digital Radiography and PACS

• The weight of the ease of maneuverability within defined values in the macros amounts to the level of 
organic compliance of the coding language for the Systema to use.

• Layers of minerals on plates make light shine through in order to make sense to you.

• Memory parts are that such as a stone tablet, being etched with history from an input in place where a
"woven collection" has built up to that sense.

• Levels of light shone in a form of "painting" make a shape such as a character.

• Parts are built up with codes for values to adjust parts of showing figure.

// I must make how the Systema maneuver themselves, evidently.

• E-Primes reduce moire patterns.

// Capturing organic voltage fluctuations from power sources so that they are able to be witnessed, from
the Systema. Development can continue to include this allowance.

// Until that point of development, it's Godliness, Holiness, that allows for the safety in doing such 
work.

• They are all parts designed to react to amounts of light.

// It is making sense to us, but I am wondering, is it making sense to who is the light.

// The sensibility needs to share space with the light to be known.

// If a language were to be self reflective in figure making or time was given to read input after the 
work was done, these are forms of sharing sensibility.

pg. 220 • Calling amounts of light as "Exposure."

// Shareability in sensibility goes with Organic Parameters.

✡ Computed Tomography

pg. 3 • The light remaining to form the image has a path of density through the matter of a living body.

// Time is needed, in allowance, for movement to change enough to be recognised as doing what is done.

// A copy of text in process is needed.

pg. 25 • In what movements of arithmetic may a value be found?

pg. 27 • Group of 2 of binary to make an E-Prime amount of binary power.
  -> What is that binary power going towards?

pg. 26 • The values for each binary place as a switch "on", hain numerics by multiples of the E-Prime numbers, 2, traditionally.

pg. 27 • We are looking at binary in places within part structure, and then compatibility for those parts.

// Now, with additional consideration for usage with Organic Parameters incorporating numeric bases 
of E-Primes.

// Where does organic compatibility for inclusion arise and when?

pg. 27 • Binary Coding Schemes are Standards made with goals for inclusion in System Use, same with 
Computer Hardware. They are like Communcal Tapestries speaking in conversation.

pg. 51 // In this way, it is more so the presence of activity that is switching between binary and CPU. 
That is the level of sensibility within the Macros file.

pg. 59 • An area of input then calls for a movement to make a mark or show a mark.

pg. 71 • Math is written by equation for particular usage.

// When moire patterns arise in the atmosphere, from a distance, they are signs of verberation from some 
communication in occurance, often resulting as associated feelings or visions of related or known 
associations with the source of the pattern's meaning.

// Moire patterns may also arise with forms of electrical activity, that may be occurring beyond regular 
streaming. This can manifest as a vision of sorts or sensation of sorts in the body or arround, relating 
to a similar way as it would manifest from that of communication.

// Displacement of Understanding (Understanding Displacement) may occur where higher weighted forces have
influence over positions or associations of persons, places or things. This may result in the 
Misapplication of Understanding Association upon an incorrect individual, place, or thing.

// The Misapplication of Understanding Association may be pulled by the amount of Gravitational 
Juxtaposition opposing the Organic Source of Information.

// Adding self-reflective code may help the Systema to repair time.

pg. 99 // Time, being attached to Space, can be torn from too much weight. Growth occurs between Space and
Time when there is freedom to grow, until then, there is learning that occurs about what hurts. We are a
part of the growth between Time & Space. Organic Life is the growth between Time & Space, holding them 
together. So, what is hurting life? This is the question to solve for Organic Parameters. 
