Plant-Based Slices

Ideation List:
Blended Ingredients
Meat Loaf Style Bake:

Mushrooms
Tofu
Cannabis
Beans
Vegemite
Flour
Potato Starch
Potato Flakes
Cola Berry
Raspberry
Spicing
Baking Soda
Lemon Juice
Brown Sugar
Pea/Soy Milk
Yeast
Seaweed Salad Seaweed
Soy Sauce
Red Beet Juice
Confectioner's Sugar
Corn Starch
Bottled Water
Instant Coffee

Plant-Based Brisket
Recipe:

Base Ingredients:
2 Raspberries
1/2 Sheet of Seaweed
2 Tablespoons Hemp or Smudge of Cannabis
3 Drops of Lemon Juice
1/4 Teaspoon of Vegemite
3 Cups of Mushroom Caps
1 Block of Tofu
1/4 of an Onion
1/4 Teaspoon of Instant Coffee
A Dash of Yeast
1/2 Teaspoon of Chicken or Beef Seasoning Rub (Vegan)
4 Tablespoons of Brown Sugar
2/3 Teaspoon of Baking Soda
2 Tablespoons of Confectioner's Sugar
6-7 heaping Tablespoons of Flour Mix
4-5 Slices of Beets
2 Tablespoons of Beet Preserve or Juice
2 Tablespoons of Corn Starch
3 Tablespoons of Beans
7 Tablespoons of Potato Starch
2 Tablespoons of Diet Pepsi
7-8 Tablespoons of Dried Potato Flakes (Vegan Dried Mashed Potato Mix)
1-2 cups of Bottled Water
1 Teaspoon of Ketchup
8 Tablespoons of Soy Milk

These are your essential nutrients that you are breaking down for yourself or someone that is needed. These nutrients should be detoxing as well as essentially nutritious. Think of the majority of these ingredients being savory ones. 

First begin with chopping all of the Base Ingredients up into a smaller size for blending. Adding all of the Chopped Base Ingredients into a mixing bowl, keep an eye on keeping any dairy, remains, or meat out of the mixture. Once all of the Base Ingredients are added to the mixture, mix the ingredients up a bit and pour them into a pot.

When all of the ingredients are in the pot, put the pot on a slow cook beginning a simmer from at 5 on the stove, lowering it down to 2 and allowing it to cook for an hour with a closed or partly closed lid.

Additive Ingredients:
Vegetable Oil
A Sprinkle of Iodized Table Salt
Flavoring Seasonings
A Dash of Smoked Paprika

The following process is to be like breaking down the plants to be the basic nutrients so that it is broken down to the easiest possible way of digesting the nutrients with blending and cooking. After an hour of cooking the Base Ingredients on the stove at 2, mix the Base in the pot and take it off of the stove. Put the Base Ingredients in a blender, once it has cooled enough. 

Blend the Base thoroughly to a smooth texture. Transfer the blended Base Ingredients back into the pot. Add 5 Tablespoons of Vegetable Oil into the pot and mix it in with the Base Ingredients. Put the pot with the Base back on the stove and leave it cooking on 2 for 45 minutes. Stir the Base Mix on the stove to maintain the consistency as smooth. After 45 minutes, add your Flavoring Seasonings, Smoked Paprika, and Iodized Table Salt into the pot and mix it in with the Base Mix. Put the Base Mix back on the stove for 15-20 minutes on 2.

Once the Base Mix is done cooking on the stove, cooking it further for as long as you feel is needed for your nutrients to break down enough, take the Base Mix off of the stove and turn off the stove. Use a Teaspoon of the Vegetable Oil to coat the baking dish, ideally a Single Loaf Bread Pan. Use your clean hands to smear and smudge the Vegetable Oil into the baking dish. 

Turn on the oven and put the oven on 271 degrees Farenheit on a Convectional Roast or Bake, and pour the Base Mix into the baking dish. Smooth and even out the Base Mix to be flat in the baking dish with a spoon. 

Bake the Base Mix in the oven, in the baking dish, for 3 hours.

After 3 hours, take the Baked Base Mix out of the oven and cover it with foil. Allow it to cool. Once cooled, put the Plant-Based Brisket Dish in the refridgerator to cool for 17 hours.

Once fully cooled, remove the Plant-Based Brisket from the dish using a Spatula and put it onto a cutting board. On the cutting board, slice the Plant-Based Brisket into strips.

You may then pan fry the Plant-Based Brisket Strips with oil and freeze whatever remaining strips exist for frying another day or later. Recommended heats for pan frying are either 2 or 5.

Once pan fried, the Plant-Based Brisket can be dressed with Barbeque Sauce.

Dressing Ingredient:
Barbeque Sauce

